Update structeezy-dynamic-fields.mdx (#24)
thewebforge/structeezy-docs: src/content/docs/reference/structeezy-dynamic-fields.mdx

```

:::note

> The date is generated at injection time. I guarantee that each time you inject a structure, the date will be different. But once injected, the date becomes static in Bricks.

Reviewer: Thanks for all the fixes.
For this one, I think when I wrote this I meant: "It Guarantees" rather than "I guarantee".
```suggestion
The date is generated at injection time. It guarantees that each time you inject a structure, the date will be different. But once injected, the date becomes static in Bricks.
```
